well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
american man
the ideal american man the myth
of the ideal american man
that tough guy image we're going to talk
about that because
one side of the american political
spectrum has been talking about it a lot
lately
they've been making a lot of false
assertions
you have the president of the united
states saying that men are going to be
insulted
because of harris's selection
no that's not a thing no man is insulted
by that
some little boys maybe but no man will
be you got the whole ben shapiro thing
you have a giant list
of men on the right that have decided to
make this the talking point of the month
and then apparently you had a rather
prominent woman
on the right side kind of go on a rant i
didn't track this down and watch the
whole thing but i saw little clips
and uh she said that
the men were all fake
trash was one of the words that she used
it's funny because of the jobs that i've
had over my life
i know some tough guys that those
ideal american men the ones that you
know get movies made about them stuff
like that
and uh this one crew they always work
together
and we're talking about a group of guys
that moved as one
at all points in time when they were
working after they stopped working
they kind of scattered around the
country but through a weird twist of
fate a few
years ago they were all pretty close to
each other geographically speaking
so they decided to meet up at this place
called mcguires
they invited me and i went
and you know i wasn't part of this
little circle
but uh i i'd worked with them before i'd
seen them
i was one of the last ones to arrive
because i live closest that's how that
works
go in walk past the hostess because
there's only one little area that this
many
that could seat this many people and
when i see them
i couldn't stop laughing because i've
never seen them
outside of a work environment
you know you probably have this image of
guys like that
you know imagine all of them wearing
oakleys and
shirts with the american flag on it and
stuff like that
now one of them looked like he just
walked off the beach because he had
because he's a surfer another one looked
like he had just walked out of a rap
video
another one looked like one of the rich
kids of instagram
another one cowboy boots belt buckle and
another one
was dressed fabulously looked like he'd
spent all night
partying at a club in pensacola called
emerald city because he had
if you're not familiar with it go ahead
and google it and then add that to your
definition
of tough guy and there were some other
people there
all dressed differently because
being a tough guy being that ideal
american man
that's not their identity it's just a
personality trait
up until i sat down at that table every
person there we're talking real warriors
real patriots kind of guys who would
fight their way out if they were pinned
down and out of ammo
they'd fight their way out with rocks
and sticks
as we're all sitting there we're talking
and they talked about everything
except their job except being tough
talked about sports talked about music
talked about movies their families
all of that stuff and then there came a
moment
when everybody at that table
recognized who the toughest guy at the
table was and it wasn't because he was
six
six and at the time you know nothing but
muscle
was because he was talking about his
latest assignment and how difficult it
was and you could see
the faces on everybody just kind of like
he's uh his latest assignment was that
he had become a single dad
to six kids
everybody at that table was like
wow men who volunteer to go into
impossible situations
men who on a daily basis
would agree to do things they knew they
may not walk away from
nobody at that table was volunteering
for that
most of the country most of male
population looks to guys like that
as the tough guys those people to
emulate
that's the image they want to project to
the world the funny thing is
those guys they don't project that image
to the world
they don't walk around and advertise hey
i'm a tough guy
and they look at
fatherhood as being
the hardest assignment
i think the country may have its idea of
masculinity a little messed up
i think they may be off a little bit
because the real tough guys
it's not their image those that they
idolize
idolize something else they see that as
more manly
more difficult more of a challenge
masculinity is not all about destruction
a lot of it has to do with creation a
lot of it has to do
with good things not just tearing down
what somebody else has done masculinity
is not about
keeping people down it's about lifting
them up
understand that every guy at that table
when they were doing horrible things
in their mind on some level they were
doing it
to build something better masculinity
isn't about hurting people it's not
about destruction it's not about killing
it's about making things better and
uplifting people
the hardest uniform
that any of those guys had apparently
ever seen
wasn't a plate carrier it was a burp
cloth
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day